<?xml version="1.0"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en"><head><title>phpDox - Source of _config.php</title><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/style.css" media="screen"/><link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/source.css"/><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/></head><body><nav class="topnav"><ul><li><div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div></li><li class="separator"><a href="../index.xhtml">Overview</a></li><li class="separator"><a href="../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a></li><li><a href="../classes.xhtml">Classes</a></li><li class="separator"><a href="../source/index.xhtml">Source</a></li></ul></nav><div id="mainstage"><div class="box"><ul class="breadcrumb"><li><a href="../index.xhtml">Overview</a></li><li class="separator"><a href="../source/index.xhtml">Source</a></li></ul></div><h1>Source of file _config.php</h1><p>
                        Size: 4,661 Bytes - Last Modified: 2015-03-14T10:23:24+13:00</p><section><h2><small>/var/www/_modules/youtubegallery/trunk/docs/en/phpdox/../../../</small>_config.php</h2><table class="source"><tr><td class="no"><a class="anker" href="#line1">1</a><a class="anker" href="#line2">2</a><a class="anker" href="#line3">3</a><a class="anker" href="#line4">4</a><a class="anker" href="#line5">5</a><a class="anker" href="#line6">6</a><a class="anker" href="#line7">7</a><a class="anker" href="#line8">8</a><a class="anker" href="#line9">9</a><a class="anker" href="#line10">10</a><a class="anker" href="#line11">11</a><a class="anker" href="#line12">12</a><a class="anker" href="#line13">13</a><a class="anker" href="#line14">14</a><a class="anker" href="#line15">15</a><a class="anker" href="#line16">16</a><a class="anker" href="#line17">17</a><a class="anker" href="#line18">18</a><a class="anker" href="#line19">19</a><a class="anker" href="#line20">20</a><a class="anker" href="#line21">21</a><a class="anker" href="#line22">22</a><a class="anker" href="#line23">23</a><a class="anker" href="#line24">24</a><a class="anker" href="#line25">25</a><a class="anker" href="#line26">26</a><a class="anker" href="#line27">27</a><a class="anker" href="#line28">28</a><a class="anker" href="#line29">29</a><a class="anker" href="#line30">30</a><a class="anker" href="#line31">31</a><a class="anker" href="#line32">32</a><a class="anker" href="#line33">33</a><a class="anker" href="#line34">34</a><a class="anker" href="#line35">35</a><a class="anker" href="#line36">36</a><a class="anker" href="#line37">37</a><a class="anker" href="#line38">38</a><a class="anker" href="#line39">39</a></td><td class="line"><div id="line1"><pre><span class="token T_OPEN_TAG">&lt;?php</span></pre></div><div id="line2"><br/></div><div id="line3"><br/></div><div id="line4"><pre><span class="token T_DOC_COMMENT">/**</span></pre></div><div id="line5"><pre><span class="token T_DOC_COMMENT"> *@author Nicolaas [at] sunnysideup.co.nz</span></pre></div><div id="line6"><pre><span class="token T_DOC_COMMENT"> **/</span></pre></div><div id="line7"><br/></div><div id="line8"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">//copy the lines between the START AND END line to your /mysite/_config.php file and choose the right settings</span></pre></div><div id="line9"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">//===================---------------- START youtubegallery MODULE ----------------===================</span></pre></div><div id="line10"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">//YouTubeGalleryPage::set_youtube_video_url('http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=');</span></pre></div><div id="line11"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">//YouTubeGalleryPage::set_player_width(425);</span></pre></div><div id="line12"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">//YouTubeGalleryPage::set_player_height(344);</span></pre></div><div id="line13"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">/*</span></pre></div><div id="line14"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">YouTubeGalleryPage::set_player_options(</span></pre></div><div id="line15"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">	array(</span></pre></div><div id="line16"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"hl" =&gt; "en",</span></pre></div><div id="line17"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"rel" =&gt; 0, 					//Values: 0 or 1. Default is 1. Sets whether the player should load related videos once playback of the initial video starts. Related videos are displayed in the "genie menu" when the menu button is pressed. The player search functionality will be disabled if rel is set to 0.</span></pre></div><div id="line18"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"autoplay" =&gt; 0, 			//Values: 0 or 1. Default is 0. Sets whether or not the initial video will autoplay when the player loads.</span></pre></div><div id="line19"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"loop" =&gt; 0,					//Values: 0 or 1. Default is 0. In the case of a single video player, a setting of 1 will cause the player to play the initial video again and again. In the case of a playlist player (or custom player), the player will play the entire playlist and then start again at the first video.</span></pre></div><div id="line20"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"enablejsapi" =&gt; 0, 	//see http://code.google.com/apis/youtube/js_api_reference.html, Values: 0 or 1. Default is 0. Setting this to 1 will enable the Javascript API. For more information on the Javascript API and how to use it, see the JavaScript API documentation.</span></pre></div><div id="line21"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"playerapiid" =&gt; "",	//Value can be any alphanumeric string. This setting is used in conjunction with the JavaScript API. See the JavaScript API documentation for details.</span></pre></div><div id="line22"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"disablekb" =&gt; 0, 		//Values: 0 or 1. Default is 0. Setting to 1 will disable the player keyboard controls. Keyboard controls are as follows:</span></pre></div><div id="line23"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"egm" =&gt; 0, 						//Values: 0 or 1. Default is 0. Setting to 1 enables the "Enhanced Genie Menu". This behavior causes the genie menu (if present) to appear when the user's mouse enters the video display area, as opposed to only appearing when the menu button is pressed.</span></pre></div><div id="line24"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"border" =&gt; 0, 				//Values: 0 or 1. Default is 0. Setting to 1 enables a border around the entire video player. The border's primary color can be set via the color1 parameter, and a secondary color can be set by the color2 parameter.</span></pre></div><div id="line25"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"color1" =&gt; "0x4e9e00",				//Values: Any RGB value in hexadecimal format.</span></pre></div><div id="line26"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"color2" =&gt; "0x234900",				//color1 is the primary border color, and color2 is the video control bar background color and secondary border color.</span></pre></div><div id="line27"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"start" =&gt;  0, 				//Values: A positive integer. This parameter causes the player to begin playing the video at the given number of seconds from the start of the video. Note that similar to the seekTo function, the player will look for the closest keyframe to the time you specify. This means sometimes the play head may seek to just before the requested time, usually no more than ~2 seconds.</span></pre></div><div id="line28"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"fs" =&gt; 0, 						//Values: 0 or 1. Default is 0. Setting to 1 enables the fullscreen button. This has no effect on the Chromeless Player. Note that you must include some extra arguments to your embed code for this to work. The bolded parts of the below example enable fullscreen functionality:</span></pre></div><div id="line29"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"hd" =&gt; 0, 						//Values: 0 or 1. Default is 0. Setting to 1 enables HD playback by default. This has no effect on the Chromeless Player. This also has no effect if an HD version of the video is not available. If you enable this option, keep in mind that users with a slower connection may have an sub-optimal experience unless they turn off HD. You should ensure your player is large enough to display the video in its native resolution.</span></pre></div><div id="line30"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"showsearch" =&gt; 0, 		//Values: 0 or 1. Default is 1. Setting to 0 disables the search box from displaying when the video is minimized. Note that if the rel parameter is set to 0 then the search box will also be disabled, regardless of the value of showsearch.</span></pre></div><div id="line31"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"showinfo" =&gt; 0, 			//Values: 0 or 1. Default is 1. Setting to 0 causes the player to not display information like the video title and rating before the video starts playing.</span></pre></div><div id="line32"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"iv_load_policy" =&gt; 0,//Values: 1 or 3. Default is 1. Setting to 1 will cause video annotations to be shown by default, whereas setting to 3 will cause video annotation to not be shown by default.</span></pre></div><div id="line33"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">		"cc_load_policy" =&gt; 0,//Values: 1. Default is based on user preference. Setting to 1 will cause closed captions to be shown by default, even if the user has turned captions off.</span></pre></div><div id="line34"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">	)</span></pre></div><div id="line35"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">);</span></pre></div><div id="line36"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">*/</span></pre></div><div id="line37"><pre><span class="token T_COMMENT">//===================---------------- END youtubegallery MODULE ----------------===================</span></pre></div><div id="line38"><br/></div><div id="line39"><br/></div></td></tr></table></section></div><footer><span/></footer></body></html>
